what's gonna guys could hear welcome
back to my Channel today is an awesome
video for you guys if you enjoy it makes
you guys do punch that like button shiny
support join the CODIS army let's do
this subscribe to my channel and let's
do top 5 stunts of the week one of my
favorite series on my channel let's do
this already guys the first one here is
a nice little planes that now this stun
is absolutely hectic an awesome because
it goes all the way under the bridge
down on the beach awesome job alrighty
guys coming in at number four today we
have an amazing so now this is actually
a stunt that was actually done and I
think two weeks ago episode but this is
a little bit of a different variation
and he hits to send a little bit
different with a little bit different
bounce but I love it number four let's
go
in the number three spot we have a very
very very precision heavy stun now he
actually fails to start there but then
he goes like a boss off the top of this
construction building and he lands in a
little tiny hill he slapped into the
hole like a boss this guy knows what he
is doing with the annexes dropping at
the number two spot we have amazing
bounce that turns into the sickest glide
on the planet he holds it very very wall
the way across the bay and he lands it
like an absolute boss by the claptrap
easter egg box on the right-hand side
number one let's go
miss miss miss miss miss miss do well
shit well exactly amazing that was
absolutely awesome now the top stunt was
actually quite hard because it was
actually a fluke ah well may have an
action real stun but it looked pretty
flukey to me so yeah I just put it atop
to the stuff because it was awesome you
got to give you better it makes you guys
submit stunts for next week and if not
then don't complain to comments no I'm
just kidding guys there's seriously
don't don't don't complain he began
didn't son if you can't hang with the
stunts then don't complain but yeah have
a great day peace out and hope you
enjoyed this week's episode